README.md, before:

# Mini P
Mini P (german abbr for Mini Pizza) is the very basics you needed to replicate
with a CouchDB. Its not something you would consider using in production in any
way. Mini P is a playground, a learning project.

## Adapters
Mini P provides two adapters by now:

* MemoryP - in memory store
* HttpP - talks to a real CouchDB

both share the same interface.

## API
The API is nothing but the methods needed for replication:

* `allDocs(options)`
* `bulkDocs(docs, options)`
* `bulkGet(docs, options)`

API is a subset of CouchDB's API which is the absolute essential for
replication. It's aligned to CouchDB API as near as possible.

* For `bulkDocs` you can pass `{ new_edits: false }` to circumvent optimistic locking
* For `bulkGet` you pass `{ revs: true }` and get the rev tree.
* For `allDocs` and `bulkGet` you pass `{ conflicts: true }` and get the conflicts.

## Replication
And you get a `replicate(source, target)` API, which replicates an entire database.

The CouchDB replication protocol replicates documents via the changes feed. This replication implementation, though, is based on `allDocs` by now.

## Dependencies
Mini P requires Node v8.

## Example
```js
import { HttpP, MemoryP, replicate } from 'minip'

const local = new MemoryP()
const remote = new HttpP('http://localhost:5984/mydb')

local.bulkDocs([{ _id: 'foo', bar: 'baz' }])
  .then(() => replicate(local, remote))
  .then(() => remote.allDocs())
  .then(([doc]) => console.log(doc))
  // {
  //   _id: 'foo',
  //   _rev: '1-b3cec23b98d5f20d20a8279878ddce3d',
  //   bar: 'baz'
  // }
```

## State of Mini P
### What Works
* Store and retrieve a bunch of docs
* Store docs with `new_edits: false`.
* Get docs with `revs: true`
* Update a doc, increment `_rev`
* choose winning rev
* replicating a whole database

### What does not work
Everything else.

No changes feed atm. No views. Almost no error handling. No deletes. No
checkpointing. No revs diff. Hah: no attachments for sure.

### Whats next
1. deletions
2. `revsDiff`

## Development
The development process is pretty straight forward:
* Write a test and works with HttpP break MemoryP
* Fix MemoryP

### Tests
Additionaly to `npm test` a `npm run test:perf` task provides you with some
numbers for throughput.

All tests run against all adapters. Replication is tested across all adapter
combinations.


(c) 2018 J. J. Schmidt

Commit message:

docs: note about revs merge

README.md, after:

# Mini P
Mini P (Berlin slang for Mini-Pizza) is the very basics you needed to replicate
with a CouchDB. Its not something you would consider using in production in any
way.

## Adapters
Mini P provides two adapters by now:

* MemoryP - in memory store
* HttpP - talks to a real CouchDB

both share the same interface.

## API
The API is nothing but the methods needed for replication:

* `allDocs(options)`
* `bulkDocs(docs, options)`
* `bulkGet(docs, options)`

API is a subset of CouchDB's API which is the absolute essential for
replication. It's aligned to CouchDB API as near as possible.

* For `bulkDocs` you can pass `{ new_edits: false }` to circumvent optimistic locking
* For `bulkGet` you pass `{ revs: true }` and get the rev tree.
* For `allDocs` and `bulkGet` you pass `{ conflicts: true }` and get the conflicts.

## Replication
And you get a `replicate(source, target)` API, which replicates an entire database.

The CouchDB replication protocol replicates documents via the changes feed. This replication implementation, though, is based on `allDocs` by now.

## Dependencies
Mini P requires Node v8.

## Example
```js
import { HttpP, MemoryP, replicate } from 'minip'

const local = new MemoryP()
const remote = new HttpP('http://localhost:5984/mydb')

local.bulkDocs([{ _id: 'foo', bar: 'baz' }])
  .then(() => replicate(local, remote))
  .then(() => remote.allDocs())
  .then(([doc]) => console.log(doc))
  // {
  //   _id: 'foo',
  //   _rev: '1-b3cec23b98d5f20d20a8279878ddce3d',
  //   bar: 'baz'
  // }
```

## State of Mini P
### What Works
* Store and retrieve a bunch of docs
* Store docs with `new_edits: false`.
* Get docs with `revs: true`
* Update a doc, increment `_rev`
* choose winning rev
* replicating a whole database
* merge `_revisions` tree on `new_edits:false`

### What does not work
Everything else.

No changes feed atm. No views. Almost no error handling. No deletes. No
checkpointing. No revs diff. Hah: no attachments for sure.

### Whats next
1. deletions
2. `revsDiff`

## Development
The development process is pretty straight forward:
* Write a test and works with HttpP break MemoryP
* Fix MemoryP

### Tests
Additionaly to `npm test` a `npm run test:perf` task provides you with some
numbers for throughput.

All tests run against all adapters. Replication is tested across all adapter
combinations.


(c) 2018 J. J. Schmidt
